[Music]
they told me you look like cartier bresson
then I said if I look like a cartier
bresson hole photographs it
[Music]
I was looking for the truth of the people there
truth of people's lives
before making them disguised, he did the
crane operator at the italsider and then later at one
evening came in the way of the field
saw how fun it was to do
transvestite
and then he said okay I'll do it
me too the transvestite I stop doing the
crane operator and came away from the field
[Music]
I had brought the lay person as a negative
from 400 hazard I focused it in the
pole on the door and I waited
slowly the door opened like this
very slow and this figure of appeared
ezra pound
[Music]
as always in search of the truth
always until he has the strength to
live and the strength to search
the soul is always on the way always not
never stops
[Music]